Add Java bindings for Dapr extension (#131)
Azure/azure-functions-dapr-extension: samples/dotnet-azurefunction/README.md

[DaprSecret("vault", "my-secret",  Metadata = "metadata.version_id=15&metadata.version_stage=AAA"`.
```

## 5. Dapr Invoke output binding:

> Dapr invoke output binding is could be used to invoke other azure functions or service where it will act as a proxy. For example, In the below Azure function, which gets triggered on HttpTrigger, can invoke antother azure functions like RetrieveOrder.

Reviewer: > where it will act as a proxy.

Do you think this will be confusing? Also, invoke output binding can only be used to invoke Azure Functions registered with Dapr Service Invocation trigger, should be call that out?

```suggestion
Dapr invoke output binding can be used to invoke other Azure functions or services where it will act as a proxy. For example, In the below Azure function, which gets triggered on HttpTrigger, can invoke another Azure functions like RetrieveOrder.
```

```CSharp
[FunctionName("InvokeOutputBinding")]
public static async Task<IActionResult> Run(
    [HttpTrigger(AuthorizationLevel.Function, "get", Route = "invoke/{appId}/{methodName}")] HttpRequest req,
    [DaprInvoke(AppId = "{appId}", MethodName = "{methodName}", HttpVerb = "post")] IAsyncCollector<InvokeMethodParameters> output,
    ILogger log)
{
    log.LogInformation("C# HTTP trigger function processed a request.");

    string requestBody = await new StreamReader(req.Body).ReadToEndAsync();

    var outputContent = new InvokeMethodParameters
    {
        Body = requestBody
    };

    await output.AddAsync(outputContent);

    return new OkResult();
}
```

> Invoke the above function (InvokeOutputBinding) with http get call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invoke the above function (InvokeOutputBinding) with a HTTP GET request.
```

  ```
  http://localhost:7071/api/invoke/functionapp/RetrieveOrder
  ```

> Once InvokeOutputBinding is called, it will invoke the RetrieveOrder azure fucntion and the output will look like as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once InvokeOutputBinding is called, it will invoke the RetrieveOrder azure function and the output will look like as shown below.
```
